TurtleBot 4 - Lite/Components/README.md, before:

# Fastener List

| CPR Part Number | Description                                                                  | Quantity | Mcmaster Carr Equivalent |
|:----------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------|--------------------------|
| 10898           | Nut, Hex—M4×0.7, Stainless Steel Type 18-8                                   | 3        | 91828A231                |
| 25552           | Standoff, Threaded, Hex - Male-Female, M2.5 X 5, Hex Size 4.5 mm, Aluminum   | 4        | 98952A101                |
| 25609           | Screw, Cap, Round Head—M4×0.7 X 10, Stainless Steel Type 18-8, Black Oxide   | 5        | 97763A817                |
| 25610           | Washer, Flat—Ø4.3 X Ø9 X 0.9, Stainless Steel, Black Oxide                   | 5        | 98269A430                |
| 25616           | Screw, Cap, Round Head—M2.5×0.45 X 4, Stainless Steel Type 18-8, Black Oxide | 4        | 97763A412                |
| 25740           | Nut, Hex—M2.5 × 0.45 X 2.1, Steel Class 4, Zinc Plate                        | 4        | 90695A031                |
| 26387           | Washer, Locking, Split—DIN 7980 M4 X 1.1, Steel, Black                       | 2        | 91190A520                |
| 26634           | Screw, Cap, Round Head—M2.5×0.45 X 6, Stainless Steel Type 316               | 4        | 94500A213                |
| 26649           | Tape, Double-Sided, 3M VHB 4959 —1/2" X 0.12", White                         | 20mm     | 75935A28                 |

Commit message:

Linked Turtlebot4 Lite components in README Added README for RPLIDAR

TurtleBot 4 - Lite/Components/README.md, after:

# Components

[025962 - LIDAR, RPLidar A1M8, Slamtec](https://github.com/turtlebot/turtlebot4-hardware/tree/master/TurtleBot%204/Components/025962%20-%20LIDAR%2C%20RPLidar%20A1M8%2C%20Slamtec)

[025426 - BRACKET, CAMERA, ALUMINIUM ALLOY](https://github.com/turtlebot/turtlebot4-hardware/tree/master/TurtleBot%204/Components/025426%20-%20BRACKET%2C%20CAMERA%2C%20ALUMINIUM%20ALLOY)

[025552 - STANDOFF, THREADED, HEX—MALE-FEMALE, M2_5 X 5, HEX SIZE 4_5MM, ALUMINUM](https://github.com/turtlebot/turtlebot4-hardware/tree/master/TurtleBot%204/Components/025552%20-%20STANDOFF%2C%20THREADED%2C%20HEX%E2%80%94MALE-FEMALE%2C%20M2_5%20X%205%2C%20HEX%20SIZE%204_5MM%2C%20ALUMINUM)

## USB Cables

[025941 - Cable, USB 3.0 USB-C 90° Male to USB-A Male, 300mm](https://github.com/turtlebot/turtlebot4-hardware/tree/master/TurtleBot%204/Components/USB%20Cables/025941%20-%20Cable%2C%20USB%203.0%20USB-C%2090%C2%B0%20Male%20to%20USB-A%20Male%2C%20300mm)

[025942 - Cable, USB 3.0 USB-C Male to USB-C 90° Male, 300mm](https://github.com/turtlebot/turtlebot4-hardware/tree/master/TurtleBot%204/Components/USB%20Cables/025942%20-%20Cable%2C%20USB%203.0%20USB-C%20Male%20to%20USB-C%2090%C2%B0%20Male%2C%20300mm)

[025944 - Cable, USB 2.0 Micro-B Male to USB-A Male, 300mm](https://github.com/turtlebot/turtlebot4-hardware/tree/master/TurtleBot%204/Components/USB%20Cables/025944%20-%20Cable%2C%20USB%202.0%20Micro-B%20Male%20to%20USB-A%20Male%2C%20300mm)

# Fastener List

| CPR Part Number | Description                                                                  | Quantity | Mcmaster Carr Equivalent |
|:----------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------|--------------------------|
| 10898           | Nut, Hex—M4×0.7, Stainless Steel Type 18-8                                   | 3        | 91828A231                |
| 25552           | Standoff, Threaded, Hex - Male-Female, M2.5 X 5, Hex Size 4.5 mm, Aluminum   | 4        | 98952A101                |
| 25609           | Screw, Cap, Round Head—M4×0.7 X 10, Stainless Steel Type 18-8, Black Oxide   | 5        | 97763A817                |
| 25610           | Washer, Flat—Ø4.3 X Ø9 X 0.9, Stainless Steel, Black Oxide                   | 5        | 98269A430                |
| 25616           | Screw, Cap, Round Head—M2.5×0.45 X 4, Stainless Steel Type 18-8, Black Oxide | 4        | 97763A412                |
| 25740           | Nut, Hex—M2.5 × 0.45 X 2.1, Steel Class 4, Zinc Plate                        | 4        | 90695A031                |
| 26387           | Washer, Locking, Split—DIN 7980 M4 X 1.1, Steel, Black                       | 2        | 91190A520                |
| 26634           | Screw, Cap, Round Head—M2.5×0.45 X 6, Stainless Steel Type 316               | 4        | 94500A213                |
| 26649           | Tape, Double-Sided, 3M VHB 4959 —1/2" X 0.12", White                         | 20mm     | 75935A28                 |
